chore(docs): Add Agility CMS information (#17382)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sourcing-from-agilitycms.md

You can find your API keys on the Getting Started page in the Agility CMS Content Manager.

![Agility CMS - Dashboard - API Keys](./images/agilitycms-api-keys.png)

If you use the `preview` key, you won't have to publish to see the changes you've made show up. If you use the `fetch` key, make sure you've published any content you wish to see changed.

## How it works

The Gatsby Source Plugin downloads all the Pages on the Agility CMS Sitemap, as well as any Shared Content that's referenced on the `sharedContent` property in the `gatsby-config.js` file.

All of those pages and content are then made available in GraphQL to the React Components you will write to render those pages.

Check out the component called "Jumbotron".  This is an example of how to display a styled heading and sub-heading with content that comes from Agility CMS.  Here is the Module that provides this content being edited in the Agility CMS Content Manager:

![Agility CMS - Example Module - Jumbotron](./images/agilitycms-jumbotron.png)

And here is the code used to render it.  Notice that the `title` and `subTitle` fields are available as properties of the `item.fields` object.

> ```javascript:title=/src/modules/Jumbotron.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript:title=src/modules/Jumbotron.js
```

Small nitpick - other docs don't have this leading slash :)

---
title: Sourcing from Agility CMS
---

This guide takes you through the steps involved in setting up a Gatsby site that fetches content from [Agility CMS](https://agilitycms.com/).

## What is Agility CMS? What makes it different?

> [Agility CMS](https://agilitycms.com/) is a headless Content Management System (CMS) that let's you easily define your custom content types and relationships easily.  This is called Content Architecture, and you can reuse this content for your websites and apps.

Reviewer 2: > Avoid `easy` and `simple`
(source [Gatsby Style Guide](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/gatsby-style-guide/))

```suggestion
[Agility CMS](https://agilitycms.com/) is a headless Content Management System (CMS) that let's you define your custom content types and relationships.  This is called Content Architecture, and you can reuse this content for your websites and apps.
```

In addition, Agility CMS provides a page routing API, which allows you to offload control of the sitemap to the content editors.

All content is available through the Agility CMS Fetch or Preview API.

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Getting started
```
Updating to sentence case headings to match the Gatsby Style Guide

> ### Create A Free Agility Account

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Create a free Agility account
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create a free Agility CMS account
```

> It only takes a minute to create an Agility CMS account, and it's free forever. [Sign up here](https://account.agilitycms.com/sign-up?product=agility-free).  

Reviewer 2: Avoid time so no one is frustrated if he takes longer times. 
Make more clear there many plans and not always free forever. 

```suggestion
Create an Agility CMS account with the Free Plan (this plan is free forever). [Sign up to Agility CMS](https://account.agilitycms.com/sign-up?product=agility-free).  
```

Once your account is created, we'll need to grab your GUID and API Keys.

> ### Get the Code

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Get the code
```

Make sure you have Gatsby CLI tools installed (we are using npm here...)

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
```

npm install -g gatsby-cli
```

> Go ahead and clone the Agility CMS Gatsby Starter repo on from GitHub that has all the code you need to get started.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go ahead and clone the [Agility CMS Gatsby Starter](https://github.com/agility/agility-gatsby-starter) repo on from GitHub that has all the code you need to get started.
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
```

git clone https://github.com/agility/agility-gatsby-starter.git
```

Resolve any dependencies

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
```

npm install
```

Run it in development mode!

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
```

gatsby develop
```

The site is just a starter, but it has a bunch of interesting features that you can use to build from.  Let's hook this code up to your new Agility CMS instance that you just created.

## Hook it up to your Agility CMS instance

> Edit the **gatsby-config.js** file and repace the *guid* and *apiKey* with yours.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edit the `gatsby-config.js` file and repace the `guid` and `apiKey` with yours.  
```

Reviewer 2: Are the keys public or should we suggest using secret environment variables? (Also then in readme of the source-plugin)

> You can find your API keys on the Getting Started page in the Agility Content Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find your API keys on the Getting Started page in the Agility CMS Content Manager.
```

> ![alt text](https://help.agilitycms.com/hc/article_attachments/360037700311/Screen_Shot_2019-09-04_at_9.12.15_AM.png "Agility CMS - Dashboard - API Keys")

Reviewer 2: Should we avoid external media and include the screenshot to Gatsby?

> If you use the "preview" key, you won't have to publish to see the changes you've made show up. If you use the "fetch" key, make sure you've published any content you wish to see changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the `preview` key, you won't have to publish to see the changes you've made show up. If you use the `fetch` key, make sure you've published any content you wish to see changed.
```

> ## How Does It Work

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## How it works
```

> The Gatsby Source Plugin downloads all the Pages on the Agility CMS Sitemap, as well as any Shared Content that's referenced on the `sharedContent` property on of the `gatsby-config.js` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Gatsby Source Plugin downloads all the Pages on the Agility CMS Sitemap, as well as any Shared Content that's referenced on the `sharedContent` property in the `gatsby-config.js` file.
```

> The Gatsby Source Plugin downloads all the Pages on the Agility CMS Sitemap, as well as any Shared Content that's referenced on the *sharedContent* property on of the gatsby-config.js file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Gatsby Source Plugin downloads all the Pages on the Agility CMS Sitemap, as well as any Shared Content that's referenced on the `sharedContent` property on of the `gatsby-config.js` file.
```

All of those pages and content are then made available in GraphQL to the React Components you will write to render those pages.

> Check out the Jumbotron component, which is used to render the Jumbotron module.  Here it is in the Agility Content Manager:

Reviewer 2: Can you describe what is `Jumbotron module`? Is it a special component or what this means? The reader of this guide is not aware about special namings of Agility CMS at this point.

Author: I've updated this text to be more descriptive.

> Check out the component called "Jumbotron".  This is a simple example of how to display a styled heading and sub-heading with content that comes from Agility CMS.  Here is the Module that provides this content being edited in the Agility CMS Content Manager:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Check out the component called "Jumbotron".  This is an example of how to display a styled heading and sub-heading with content that comes from Agility CMS.  Here is the Module that provides this content being edited in the Agility CMS Content Manager:
```

> ![Alt Text](https://res.cloudinary.com/practicaldev/image/fetch/s--OQKoH_Nv--/c_limit%2Cf_auto%2Cfl_progressive%2Cq_auto%2Cw_880/https://thepracticaldev.s3.amazonaws.com/i/mjv2brybc17iyqdoy25u.png "Agility CMS - Example Module - Jumbotron")

Reviewer 2: Avoid external media. Include to gatsby

> And here is the code used to render it.  Notice that the `title` and `subTitle` fields are available as properties the `item.fields` object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And here is the code used to render it.  Notice that the `title` and `subTitle` fields are available as properties of the `item.fields` object.
```

> And here is the code used to render it.  Notice that the *title* and *subTitle* fields are available as properties the *item.fields* object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And here is the code used to render it.  Notice that the `title` and `subTitle` fields are available as properties the `item.fields` object.
```

> ``` javascript

Reviewer 2: Should add also a filename as title
```suggestion
```javascript:title=???
```

import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { graphql, StaticQuery } from "gatsby"

import './Jumbotron.css'

export default class Jumbotron extends Component {
    render() {    
        return (
            <section className="jumbotron">
                <h1>{this.props.item.fields.title}</h1>
                <h2>{this.props.item.fields.subTitle}</h2>
            </section>
        );
    }
}
```

> When we add new modules and content definitions to Agility CMS, the components we use to render those modules will automatically get the strongly typed data delivered to those modules as props.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you add new modules and content definitions to Agility CMS, the components used to render those modules will automatically receive the strongly typed data delivered to those modules as props.  
```

A conclusion with where to go for further information would be good to wrap up this doc!

> When we add new modules and content definitions to Agility, the components we use to render those modules will automatically get the strongly typed data delivered to those modules as props.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When we add new modules and content definitions to Agility CMS, the components we use to render those modules will automatically get the strongly typed data delivered to those modules as props.  
```
